Reorganized documentation and added new articles (#297)
PhotonVision/photonvision-docs: source/docs/apriltag-pipelines/3D-tracking.rst

3D Tracking
===========

> 3D AprilTag tracking will allow you to track XYZ position and orientation of a tag in the camera frame. This is useful for robot pose estimation and other applications like autonomous scoring. In order to use 3D tracking, you must first :ref:`calibrate your camera <docs/calibration/calibration:Calibrating Your Camera>`. Once you have, you need to enable 3D mode in the UI and you will now be able to get 3D pose information from the tag! For information on getting and using this information in your code, see :ref:`the programming reference. <docs/programming/index:Programming Reference>`.

Reviewer: XYZ Position and orientation seems ambigous to me....

Reviewer: bah. recommendation...

"3D AprilTag tracking will allow you to track the real-world position and rotation of a tag relative to the camera's image sensor."

> 3D AprilTag tracking will allow you to track XYZ position and orientation of a tag in the camera frame. This is useful for robot pose estimation and other applications like autonomous scoring. In order to use 3D tracking, you must first :ref:`calibrate your camera <docs/calibration/calibration:Calibrating Your Camera>`. Once you have, you need to enable 3D mode in the UI and you will now be able to get 3D pose information from the tag! For information on getting and using this information in your code, see :ref:`the programming reference. <docs/programming/index:Programming Reference>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3D AprilTag tracking will allow you to track the real-world position and rotation of a tag relative to the camera's image sensor. This is useful for robot pose estimation and other applications like autonomous scoring. In order to use 3D tracking, you must first :ref:`calibrate your camera <docs/calibration/calibration:Calibrating Your Camera>`. Once you have, you need to enable 3D mode in the UI and you will now be able to get 3D pose information from the tag! For information on getting and using this information in your code, see :ref:`the programming reference. <docs/programming/index:Programming Reference>`.
```

Ambiguity
---------
Translating from 2D to 3D using data from the calibration and the four tag corners can lead to "pose ambiguity", where it appears that the AprilTag pose is flipping between two different poses. You can read more about this issue `here. <https://docs.wpilib.org/en/stable/docs/software/vision-processing/apriltag/apriltag-intro.html#d-to-3d-ambiguity>`

> VIDEO HERE 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Video coming soon!
```

> Translating from 2D to 3D using data from the calibration and the four tag corners can lead to "pose ambiguity", where it appears that the AprilTag pose is flipping between two different poses. You can read more about this issue `here. <https://docs.wpilib.org/en/stable/docs/software/vision-processing/apriltag/apriltag-intro.html#d-to-3d-ambiguity>`

Reviewer 2: We should define how ambiguity is calculated

> VIDEO HERE

Reviewer 2: Video here

Author: punted

3D Tracking
===========

3D AprilTag tracking will allow you to track the real-world position and rotation of a tag relative to the camera's image sensor. This is useful for robot pose estimation and other applications like autonomous scoring. In order to use 3D tracking, you must first :ref:`calibrate your camera <docs/calibration/calibration:Calibrating Your Camera>`. Once you have, you need to enable 3D mode in the UI and you will now be able to get 3D pose information from the tag! For information on getting and using this information in your code, see :ref:`the programming reference. <docs/programming/index:Programming Reference>`.

Ambiguity
---------

> Translating from 2D to 3D using data from the calibration and the four tag corners can lead to "pose ambiguity", where it appears that the AprilTag pose is flipping between two different poses. You can read more about this issue `here. <https://docs.wpilib.org/en/stable/docs/software/vision-processing/apriltag/apriltag-intro.html#d-to-3d-ambiguity>` Ambiguity is calculated as the ratio of reprojection errors between two pose solutions (if they exist), where reprojection error is the error corresponding to the image distance between a projected point and measured one.

Reviewer 2: Can we be more specific than "a measured pose? I would suggest "between where the apriltag's corners are detected vs where we expect to see them based on the tag's estimated camera relative pose"
